This is the Week 3 portfolio project for the Coursera course "HTML and CSS in depth" that is part of the Meta Front-End Developer Professional Certificate.

I made this project way more complex than necessary as I learn best by doing. It is just the index page with no working links as the idea was to get a feel for the layout. I started to make it a bit responsive; however, I found the promo banner to be a bit tricky to get working and ultimately had to settle for using a scroll bar. 

Since I used a lot of resources to learn the concepts to complete this, I cited sources I used through comments. I used ChatGPT to generate the filler text based off the assignment details and slightly tweaked the responses as necessary to fit the overall look I was going for for this project. For example, I decided to make the required promo an attention grabber where I came up with the tagline ("Experience the beauty of nature in your own personal oasis") myself. The cards were largely based on an example from Codepen that I used as a base and modified to learn more about media queries (https://codepen.io/met1388/pen/LogrBK). Per the assignment, the footer was only supposed to be a simple flex or grid with the logo on the left and the copyright on the right. Naturally, I decided to go over the top with this, which may go against the assignment instructions, but I found it was worth the effort as I learned a lot from the experience. I researched commonalities among typical footers for websites and looked at examples to come up with my design. It was a good exercise in CSS specificity as I had to work through struggles where styles were being overridden due to the way I structured the code.

Overall, I think this was a good intro to frontend, but it definitely has its flaws. It was fun to work on, but I highly doubt my creative choices for the colors would meet assessibility standards. :)
